# Project Lead Meeting July 7, 2018
## Team Updates
* Alumni Mentor Meeting today
* Architects are sent the survey, delegation will happen this week!
* Deadlines
* Update project todos to task [list](https://blog.github.com/2014-04-28-task-lists-in-all-markdown-documents/)

TODO for us:
- Manage teams: a team for architects, project leads, and directors. (And alumni.)

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_Proposed Deadline_: 8/1 or so.

_UPDATES_: I've started prodding travis. He's happy.

_QUESTIONS_: Is it OK if I don't need architects?

_TO DO_:
 - Figure out tweaking LCS docs. Might have to wait until after Hackcon for good ideas.
 - I need to write some login docs. Also figure out docs on tweaking LCS for other hackathons.
 - Code coverage on Travis and we should be good.

_Task Delegation_:
Architects, plz.

## coding samples

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

## front end

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

## one app ios

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

## one app android

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

## sledge

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

## team builder

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

## helpq

_Proposed Deadline_:

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Task Delegation_:

