# Project Lead Meeting 7/28
## Team Updates

- We have new CSS.
- Things are cool.
- LAUNCH IN A WEEK

![We're fine](https://media.giphy.com/media/z9AUvhAEiXOqA/giphy.gif)

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_How much react change to expect?_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

