# Project Lead Meeting 09/16/2018
## Team Updates

 - We gave finance the following budget:
    - $107 = iOS licence (thx, Apple)
    - $10 = website (overestimate - we tend to use $2.50 a month)
    - $60 = labels (O(800) labels for the printer + cupcake)
    - *Let us know if you'd like to add to that.* EC2's and other hosting stuff
      can (and should) be covered by us.
        - We also ought to standardize URLs, so let me know about those.
 - We're demoing iOS and Sledge today!!!
    - @helpq, @team builder, @snackru, @iOS, when can you demo?
 - We ought to document our UI's in written form. This is for VHX, but most teams
   should have it. I'll have a branch for this in the handbook after the meeting.
   If you'd rather have it in your wiki, let me know so I can link it.

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
